Add option to preserve addon config during update (#5830)
weaveworks/eksctl: userdocs/src/usage/addons.md

eksctl update addon --name vpc-cni --version 1.8.0 --service-account-role-arn=<new-role>
```

When updating an addon, you have full control over the config changes that you may have previously applied on that add-on's `configMap`. This means, you can either preserve, or overwrite them.

> This functionality is available **exclusively** via the config file field `resolveConflicts`. E.G.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This optional functionality is available via the config file field `resolveConflicts`. e.g.,
```

```yaml
addons:
- name: vpc-cni 
  attachPolicyARNs:
    - arn:aws:iam::aws:policy/AmazonEKS_CNI_Policy
  resolveConflicts: preserve
```

> The `resolveConflicts` field accepts three distinct values.
> - `preserve` - EKS preserves config changes
> - `overwrite` - EKS overwrites any config changes back to default values
> - `none` - EKS doesn't alter config, however, the update fails if config conflicts are presents
> 
> If not specified, `resolveConflicts` is set by default to `none`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `resolveConflicts` field accepts three distinct values.
- `preserve` - EKS preserves the value. If you choose this option, we recommend that you test any field and value changes on a non-production cluster before updating the add-on on your production cluster.
- `overwrite` - EKS overwrites any config changes back to EKS default values
- `none` - EKS doesn't change the value. The update might fail.

```
